---
layout: post
title: "Welcome to Tech & Tutus!"
excerpt: "To learn. To share. To reflect."
categories: [about me]
comments: true
image:
  feature:
  credit:
  creditlink:
---

First and foremost welcome, and thanks for _reading in_! I'm so excited (and to be honest a little nervous ) to start this blog journey. In my little corner of the ever growing internet I will document my experiences as a software engineer. While the topics I will explore will cover just about anything that comes to mind... from new technologies to various work/life anecdotes or my perspectives on diversity or even book reviews... you get the point, I have three main goals for this blog.

# To Learn. To Share. To Reflect.

### To Learn.
> I vow to never stop learning.

One of my favorite parts about being a software engineer is the opportunity to learn new things and constantly challenge myself. As I explore different topics, dive head first into tough problems, and try out new projects I can't think of a better way to solidify my learnings than explaining my findings to YOU! As Albert Einstein said:

"If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough." And to that I say, AMEN!

 I also want to challenge myself to become a better writer and communicator. While most people may think software engineers live in a basement and have no human interaction that couldn't be farther from the truth. The success of any project relies on our ability to communicate with other folks (business and tech). In this space I will articulate ideas and maintain the courage to share my voice.

## To Share.  
> I believe in the immense power of shared experiences and community.

My heart has been lead to share my knowledge and experiences for others to consume in a hopefully non-pretentious way. Have you ever read a [StackOverflow post]() twelve times and walked away thinking:  "I have no idea what I just read. Am I missing something? Am I just not smart/experienced/clever/fill-in-your-blank to understand this? Recent exposure to awesome leadership training, community groups and work experiences have helped me realize that just because someone cant explain something simply does not make it complicated or make me stupid. So here I am, hoping to help others feel empowered to continue their quest to enhance and develop their craftsmanship.

I also believe in the power of shared experiences and community, not only in Software Engineering but in life. In isolation we battle stereotypes, imposter syndrome, bad days on our own leaving us feeling inadequate and uninspired to keep going. I've experienced first hand the value of a community. How people, their ideas, and their encouragement can change the course of your trajectory and your personal outlook.

## To Reflect.
> For times I forget where Ive been and what the heck I've done.

Finally this blog will help document my experiences for me to remember and reflect on all the good things I've come across. Sometimes you need a "pick-me-up" reminder of all that you've learned. And sometimes your brain needs a place to reference because it just cant save any more details.

<br/><br/>

#### So heres to a journey of you reading what is an attempt for me to be a blogger. If you haven't gotten bored reading about me, checkout the [about me](https://techandtutus.com/about/).


<br/>

Thanks for reading,  
<i style="color:#8d7edc;text-shadow:0 0 5px #fff, 0 0 10px #8d7edc" class="fa fa-heart heart-icon"></i> Bri.
