---
layout: post
title: "Welcome to Tech & Tutus!"
excerpt: "To learn. To share. To Reflect. "
categories: [about me]
comments: true
image:
  feature:
  credit:
  creditlink:
---

Fist and foremost welcome, and thanks for _reading in_! Im so excited (and to be honest a little nervous ) to be starting my own blogging journey. In this space (one of about 500 million pages) I hope to dcoument my exeprerinces as a software engineer. While the topics i choose may range from new technologies, work/ life annectiodes, my perspectives on diversity and a ____. I have three main goals for starting this blog.

# To Learn. To Share. To Reflect.

### To Learn.

> I vow to never stop learning/ For my constant pursuit of knowledge

One of my favorite parts about being a software engineer is the opportunity to learn new things and constantly challenge myself. I will use this blog as an opportunity to uphold my commitment to never stop learning by publsihing new content on things i learned each month and to solidify my understanding. Explore new topics, tackle projects and problems , and explain my findings/undertsanding in a non confusing, over ___ , stuffy dogmatic way.

"If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.” – Albert Einstein.

Amen Albert, amen!

[comment]: <> (I also want Challenge myself to become a better writter / communicator, I shy away from writing becuase then something is defined. What if im wrong, What if ___ what if ___ ? Well who gives a shit. Im finding my voice snadshareing  find my voice.)

[comment]: <> (gain feedback - if i am wrong what a rgeat way to learn!)

## To Share.  
> For the power of shared experiences and community.

Share these exeperinces for others to consume in a hopefully nonpretensionus way. Have you ever read a [stackvoerflow post]() twevle times and still walked away gping what the fuck? Somoe recent awesome leadership groups and work situations has helped me realzies that just because somoeone cant explain something simply does not make it complicated or make me stupid. So here i am hoping to help otthers feel embowered and ___ to learn / boost their kills.

I also belive in the power of Shared expereinces reate and community . Battlyng isolation, inferoiryt, sterotypes, jerks, bad days, and inspirtation. That feeling that this is only happening to you and____ especially as a minitory or female and ive seen the value first hand how a community (inperson) can change the course of your trajectory and personal outlook (maybe ill share that)

## To Reflect.
> For times I forget where Ive been and what the heck I've done.

Finally this blog will help document my experiences for me to remmeber and reflect on all the good things ive come across.



So heres to a journey of you reading what is an attempt for me to be a blogger.Somewhere add a link to about me... so i can ramble about myself.

```js
clever code block about repeating or not giving up or some shit
```

<br/><br/><br/>

Thanks for reading,  
<i class="fa fa-heart heart-icon"></i> Bri.
